feat(code_block): allow for a custom copy button aria-label (#8176)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/8176.md

**Accessibility**

> - Allowed to pass a custom `aria-label` for the Copy button in the EuiCodeBlock component.

Reviewer: Copy suggestion:
```suggestion
- Updated `EuiCodeBlock` with a new `copyAriaLabel` prop, which allows setting a custom screen reader label on the copy button
```

Author: Thanks so much Cee 🙏🏻 this is much clearer
